ORLANDO, Michael, Prajwal

Simple challenge, not much security knowledge needed. It just a bunch of white space. if they search whitespace they will find it.

The Description:

is it tricky I don't know if it could be but it could also be easy.


There are countless places where the hidden information could be lurking. 
Don’t forget to thoroughly explore your surroundings. Remember, the internet is a vast expanse with numerous pages where anything can be concealed,
and you might never stumble upon it. This isn’t a cryptographic puzzle;
it’s a straightforward challenge. You just need to know where to look, and you’ll see how everything comes to light.																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																																										
Keep in mind, as a shadowhacker, your skills in reconnaissance and open-source intelligence (OSINT) will be crucial. 
Utilize your knowledge of web security, penetration testing, and ethical hacking to navigate through the layers of the internet.
Whether it’s hidden in plain sight or buried deep within the code, your persistence and keen eye will be your greatest assets																																																																																																																																																																																																																																															
Or you know this could all be a fake and there is nothing to find on the internet, use your intuition to figure it out. :)	



The solution to this is in plaintext hidden at the very right.
All they have to do is go to the very right of the file and look at it.
But we put some distractions around.

Flag:
itwas_hidden_in_plain_site2024
